I'm in Venice I am now in a lovely
Venice California I was staying in
Culver City for that Nixon and
unfashionable collab how legit was that
last vlog skiing and surfing in the same
day it blew my mind it was one of the
funnest days ever I would say ever but
now I have a Airbnb in Venice and I'm
doing some collabs with some people and
just hanging out with some good creative
people I'm staying and this really cool
air B&B in Venice and my neighbor when
neighbor is jamming there's a quick
Venice apartment Airbnb
[Music]
basically a one-time situation it's
pretty good so today I am hanging out
with a super rad youtuber skater by the
name of John Hill up with some peeps
later in the day
[Music]
guys it's a beautiful day reduce
yourself my name is John Hill I'm a
skateboarder human any tuber human and
how appropriate that we're here in
Venice next to the state work and we're
supposed to state and live life crews
are you paste on Long Beach California
Long Beach California
yeah so I'm all kinds of stoked it's so
sunny it's so sunny just like New York
right now
yeah just like New York not John what
are you doing out here what you need to
be I don't want you being out here and
there here's the thing guys I've been
wanting to know how to pop an ollie for
so long I don't think it's gonna happen
today
but I'm confident I can take John skills
and his know-how transfer into your mind
right exactly
simple
ah come on
is right
[Music]
so it's insanely insanely windy day here
in the dispute
yeah John's about to attempt a crazy
trick here I come
first try what dude yeah how'd you get
that air look oh my gosh alright we're
about to do this one more time
go but all those terrible high five
[Music]
Wow John holy crap what a trick how do
you feel I feel good right now my
adrenaline was high and now we're
chillin so I'm feel like wine down I
wasn't raised good applause how I have
you been skating 16 years shoes saw the
little toddler
Oh
come on
[Music]
one does that come to Venice Beach and
not snap with snap specs John you need
some guess oh look who I am hanging out
with he's a skater yeah it's filming
right now we're here at Venice Beach
beautiful day
[Music]
we're completely lost have no idea where
we are
no idea where we are stay here I guess
we're just gonna have to stay here
forever
a mutual friend by the name of time us
set it to the pier and also Robert also
Sam is at the pier as well so I really
think John would be really good friends
with the chef with Sam chefs we're gonna
head there now and not wait to meet you
Sam yeah on our way to Santa Monica but
I've been learning some new words I have
some new words to work into my
vocabulary from John so when you're
capturing footage
I think it's a skateboarder thing but
yeah we all say pretty it's very
Universal so gonna go to Santa Monica go
capture some footy what's up what's up
I'm in Steve Steve yes if you're cool or
if something's cool
I think Steve's is actually more
Universal is it why do I not know that
are you a loser no no no I'm Steve oh
yeah
look at this we have arrived in Santa
Monica and it's a little chilly well but
you were right I brought along sleeve
just in case just in case but it's
absolutely stunning here I've been here
since like in two years
I think but we're trying to find Sam
because he just had a Mashable Meetup
and so there should be a good squad out
here
feel like a little kid again I see them
like I'm gonna scarce him so you did
scare me
you really did I got him it's ty I
haven't seen tie since VidCon it's June
yeah it's been a while and you see him I
saw you
yeah what is this and when you got going
on here all my stuff and then in bored
know these people oh this is mash meat
so we all got chef Josh mean we all got
together and there's like five people
here that I spectacles oh I know you're
like number six
we should all line up and do another
watchful caller with fennel Beck life
has been - I'll just go home all right
he's like a pro skater dude all right
yeah you got this John all right so Jai
is trying to be supportive for the first
time ever
apparently it's hard for anyone to start
right okay we're going yep you buy this
to tell me right now all right do it
this thing feels so crazy it's so
different than a booster word
acceleration on this thing is so weird
but I just do not like how about right
supposed to a boost we are here just
dudes being bred some of you guys emails
there are so many people with snapchat
specs out here yeah is it sunny there
are all kinds of words okay
Oh Paul has this game I see the little
board this is the controller it's kind
of scary huh check out that brand name
there yeah I love it
so I'm gonna try I hope I won't die no
cars okay okay my your ox coke
Sarah so go don't screw this up okay hey
Scott I didn't like it yeah yeah hmm but
very unique experience just had dinner
was it good
what he was so delicious so oh wait I
have to talk earlier we had we had lunch
together and he accidentally ordered a
side instead of a meal it was on to say
menu the same place a plate of potatoes
came out like look what he got
come on
we thought it was a side there's my side
sweet it's the entire deal I'm giving
him half of my sandwich it's just like
eight potatoes but I'm glad you had a
real meal I did it oh just a dope dope
days have been happening of skating have
been happening I I say haven't happened
in too much
it's a guys make sure to go subscrible
to John he is a dull skater all around
it human awesome being it doesn't even
matter if you just like love live in
life these vlogs thank you the youth
bucks and also special giveaway
announcement on his video yeah you gotta
go watch it
I guess I'm okay we're gonna really
upload at the same time right so yeah
what at the same time um yeah in his
video will be like one of the annotation
videos you just click on it I mean yeah
it's gonna be a very awesome giveaway
and it's supplied by this human I thank
you it's special it's special and it was
real guys until next time dude you know
what we say stay peachy stay peachy okay
bye
[Music]
Oh